docs(bodiless-documentation): Add Site Build Guide (#131)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/bodiless-documentation/doc/Development/Guides/BuildingSites/TailwindGuide.md

# Using Tailwind system with Bodiless
(TO DO:  Starting point and will be enhanced in future tickets.)

> As discussed in other sections, Bodiless depends on Tailwind which is
> utility-first CSS framework. If you are unfamiliar, we highly suggest reading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As discussed in other sections, Bodiless is preconfigured to use
[TailwindCSS](link) which is utility-first CSS framework. While this is
not strictly required, we highly recommend it to get the most out
of the Bodiless Design System. If you are unfamiliar with Tailwind,
you can learn more from one of 
```

Author: addressed

these guides:

- [Tailwind on Github](https://github.com/tailwindcss/tailwindcss)
- [Tailwind Docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/what-is-tailwind)

## Tailwind Configuration File
The sites tailwind configuration file, `tailwind.config.js`, can be found in
root directory of the site.

Adding custom styling can be done by editing `tailwind.config.js` following
[Tailwind documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/configuration). 

The starter kit has a empty Tailwind configuration which means that site will
use all Tailwind's default settings and place into a generated index.css file.

## Extend vs Replace
Tailwind allows you to replace or extend the settings. If you are using Bodiless
components, which may be using default tailwind classes, we suggest you
[extend](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/theme/#extending-the-default-theme)
instead of replace using theme.extend.

```
    extend: {
      colors: {
        brand_blue: '#004c97',
        brand_lightblue: '#017eb3',
        brand_mediumblue: '#009cde',
      },
    },  
```

This will add additional brand colors to all the default tailwind colors. When
the static site builds it utilizes

> [purge css features](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/controlling-file-size/#removing-unused-css)

Reviewer 2: currently, we do not leverage this feature. purging is done by configuring [gatsby-plugin-purgecss](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-purgecss)

Author: addressed
